chore(node): update node readme (#190)
cartesi/dave: cartesi-rollups/node/README.md

# Dave Rollups Node

## Build (release)

Run at the repository root:
```
just build-release-rust-workspace
```

The executable will appear at:
```
./target/release/cartesi-rollups-prt-node
```

## Run

> Running the node requires an Ethereum Gateway RPC, and a funded wallet.
> Here are it's arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the node requires an Ethereum JSON-RPC gateway and a funded wallet.
Here are its arguments:
```
